I contributed to this project in several different ways. The simplest way in which I contributed was giving feedback to those that were perfecting the design to make it more user-friendly. Apart from that I worked on everything related to the debate tab. I created models Debates, Past Debates, and Chat and added them to the admin site. I created view functions debate, debateChat, debate_create and pastChat as well html files debate, debate_home and pastChatTemplates.

The debate model is for debates that are open for people to challenge. If you click on an element, it will launch you into a 1-on-1 chat lobby with your opponent. We have not implemented the real-time server yet, so no messages get displayed. The main variables in the debate model include the initial user, the topic to be debated (topic), his position on the topic (position) and the category that the topic falls under (category). The PastDebates model is for people to see old debates and then vote on which argument they liked better. In this model we store the user’s names (user1, user2), the positions on the topic for each each user (user1Position, user2Position), the number of votes each user has got for their argument (user1votes, user2votes), the topic of the debate, and the category the topic belongs in so we can show this information to the user for each past debate.

The view function debate, I take all the existing current debates and past debates in the database and populate them into the debate_home file as lists. These lists contain title and introductory information for each debate and past debate. When a debate is clicked under the current debates, it sends the user to a chat lobby where the user and the posting user can engage in a debate. It’s labeled ‘debateChat/<slug:uuid>/’ in the urls.py. In the vote on a past debate function, the user can see title and introductory information of a completed debate, and then can click on it to view the messages that were sent. They can then vote on which argument they like more. It’s labeled ‘pastChat/<slug:uuid>/’ in the urls.py.
