In this stage of the project, our team was finished with the user authentication and interaction about 2 weeks ahead of time because we had completed most of what was due for this submission in the second submission. My main contribution to this stage of the project was completing necessary write-ups, but in addition to this I also conferred with my team on a high level about how we were going to implement the user authentication and forms. 
 
Since I am very good at putting abstract ideas into words, the write-ups and other logistical components of this project were left up to me. I feel as though this was the best way to split up the work, seeing that I am good at articulating our ideas but have much less coding experience than the rest of my group. Some members of my group had prior web design experience, so we felt as though it was best to leave the heavy programming parts to them. Although they did most of the coding, I did go through the code and debug.

In addition to the write-ups, I also oversaw the big picture of the project and made sure we completed and submitted everything in a timely manner. This orgranization was very important because of the way we divided up the work. Everyone was working on different parts of the project at the same time, and in order to ensure everyone was on the same page there had to be frequent communication between our group members. Having someone oversee the whole process made the project go much more smoothly. Overall, our team played to our strengths and we feel as though we submitted and exceptional project.
